Lesson_1.md, before:

# Lesson 1

## Intro (5 min)
// This is to give an overview of the lesson telling the kids the 3 takeaways at the end of the class

## Something from Aqeedah (20 min)

### 6 Articles of Faith Overview
- Belief in Allah
- Belief in the Angels
- Belief in the Revealed Books
- Belief in the Messengers
- Belief in the Last Day
- Belief in Divine Decree (Qadar)

### Belief in Allah

Overview:
- Allah is ONE!
- Surah Al-Ikhlas (112) summarizses this:
![surah-al-ikhlas](./images/surah-al-ikhlas.png)(https://quran.com/112)
> "Say: He is Allah the One. Allah the Eternal. He does not beget nor is he begotten. And there is nothing like him"



Attributes: 


## Something from Seerah (20 min)

## Something from Hadith (10 min)

-------------------------------------
حَدَّثَنَا يَحْيَى بْنُ أَيُّوبَ، وَقُتَيْبَةُ، وَابْنُ، حُجْرٍ قَالُوا حَدَّثَنَا إِسْمَاعِيلُ، - وَهُوَ ابْنُ جَعْفَرٍ - عَنِ الْعَلاَءِ، عَنْ أَبِيهِ، عَنْ أَبِي هُرَيْرَةَ، أَنَّ رَسُولَ اللَّهِ صلى الله عليه وسلم قَالَ 

**"مَنْ صَلَّى عَلَىَّ وَاحِدَةً صَلَّى اللَّهُ عَلَيْهِ عَشْرًا "**

Abu Huraira reported: The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said: He who blesses me once, Allah would bless him ten times.

*Source: [Sahih Muslim 408](https://sunnah.com/muslim:408)*

-----------------------------------

"Allah loves His Prophet (S), and He loves those who love His Prophet (S). When we send Salam to Rasulullah (S), Allah is pleased and rewards us with His blessing ten times."

*Source: [Iqra International Education Foundation. (n.d.). Teaching of our Prophet (Salla-Allahu 'alaihi wa sallam): A selection of Ahadith for children, elementary level (p. 22).](https://www.iqra.org/products/teachings-of-our-prophet-ahadi?_pos=1&_psq=teaching+of+our&_ss=e&_v=1.0)*

Commit message:

Added images fro shahih muslim 408

Lesson_1.md, after:

# Lesson 1

## Intro (5 min)
// This is to give an overview of the lesson telling the kids the 3 takeaways at the end of the class

## Something from Aqeedah (20 min)

### 6 Articles of Faith Overview
- **Belief in Allah**
- Belief in the Angels
- Belief in the Revealed Books
- Belief in the Messengers
- Belief in the Last Day
- Belief in Divine Decree (Qadar)

### Belief in Allah

Overview:
- **Allah is ONE!**
---------------------------------------
-- Surah Al-Ikhlas (112) summarizses this:
-- ![surah-al-ikhlas](./images/surah-al-ikhlas.png)(https://quran.com/112)
 > "Say: He is Allah the One. Allah the Eternal. He does not beget nor is he begotten. And there is nothing like him"
----------------------------------------
- **He is the Only One Worthy of Worship**
-- Muslims pray, ask for help, and rely only on Allah.
-- Worshipping others besides Him (like idols, saints, or the dead) is called shirk, the worst sin in Islam.

- **He Has Beautiful Names and Perfect Attributes**
-- Allah is Ar-Rahman (Most Merciful), 
-- Al-Aleem (All-Knowing), 
-- Al-Khaliq (The Creator), and many more.
-- We learn about Him through His names and what He tells us in the Qur’an and Sunnah.

- **He Created Everything and Controls Everything**
-- Allah created the heavens, the earth, and all living beings.
-- Nothing happens except by His will.


## Something from Seerah (20 min)

## Something from Hadith (10 min)

-------------------------------------

![Sahih_muslim_408](./images/shahih_mulsim_408.jpg)
>Abu Huraira reported: The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said: He who blesses me once, Allah would bless him ten times.
*Source: [Sahih Muslim 408](https://sunnah.com/muslim:408)*

-------------------------------------

>"Allah loves His Prophet (S), and He loves those who love His Prophet (S). When we send Salam to Rasulullah (S), Allah is pleased and rewards us with His blessing ten times."

*Source: [Iqra International Education Foundation. (n.d.). Teaching of our Prophet (Salla-Allahu 'alaihi wa sallam): A selection of Ahadith for children, elementary level (p. 22).](https://www.iqra.org/products/teachings-of-our-prophet-ahadi?_pos=1&_psq=teaching+of+our&_ss=e&_v=1.0)*
